There's one thing i forgot about extrudeRotate.
So far we had the variant where we had a 2D shape,
it was flipped 90 degrees on its side and
then it was rotating around its center point.
But if you remember when we were defining
our 2D shapes we can also define the center,
where our 2D shape is located. If i add
an offset here, let's say 75 and i save it
and we now look at the outcome of our
extrudeRotate. It is still the same thing
happening. So we have our flipped object and it's
now rotating with an offset around the center.
If i for example switch this now from 90 degrees
to 360 degrees, we can now nicely see how our
rectangle is in 12 segments rotating around
the center. And if i decrease this, let's say
six steps, we can nicely see now the six steps
our rectangle is taking. Or we can increase it,
to make it more round and of course we can
use all other shapes that we had before.
Let's use the circle quickly. This one
uses the radius instead of the size.
Save this.
Oh we need to write circle correctly.
And now we get a nice little
donut here and we could
decrease the radius a bit and increase our offset.
So now you can take any 2D shape you
have and use it with an offset to
create even more interesting shapes
through the rotate functionality.